Some fetch guide refactorings (#25819)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fetch_api/index.md

{{DefaultAPISidebar("Fetch API")}}

The Fetch API provides an interface for fetching resources (including across the network). It is a more powerful and flexible replacement for {{DOMxRef("XMLHttpRequest")}}.

{{AvailableInWorkers}}

## Concepts and usage

> Fetch provides a definition of {{DOMxRef("Request")}} and {{DOMxRef("Response")}} objects (and other things involved with network requests). This will allow them to be used wherever they are needed in the future, whether it's for service workers, Cache API, and other similar things that handle or modify requests and responses, or any kind of use case that might require you to generate your responses programmatically.
> 
> It also defines related concepts such as CORS and the HTTP Origin header semantics, supplanting their separate definitions elsewhere.

Reviewer: I don't think it matters to web developers that `Request`, `Response`, and _other things involved with network requests_ are defined in the Fetch API spec. Also, the second sentence implies that service workers or the Cache API will be available _in the future_.

What about:

```suggestion
The Fetch API uses {{DOMxRef("Request")}} and {{DOMxRef("Response")}} objects (and other things involved with network requests), as well as related concepts such as CORS and the HTTP Origin header semantics.
```
